# Islandora Archival Interest Group, Meeting #1
Thursday 11 September 2014, 12pm EST

**Please send a Skype contact request to *sara.j.allain* in advance of the meeting time**

###Participants:
Sara Allain, Katie McCormick, Tim Hutchinson, Dan Gillean, Krystal Thomas, Peter Murray, Anna St Onge, Martha Tenney, Curtis Sassur, MJ Suhonos, Brett Lougheed, Jaime Pinto, Caleb Derven, Brian Harrington, Priscilla Caplan, Melissa Anez, Sandy Rodriguez

###Agenda:
1. Introductions (name, affiliation, interest in this group)
2. Terms of Reference
3. Meeting schedule/note-takers
4. Roadmap for the IG

* Features/bugs
* Integration
* Training

###Notes:
