# Islandora Archival Interest Group, Meeting #1
Thursday 11 September 2014, 12pm EST

**Please send a Skype contact request to *sara.j.allain* in advance of the meeting time**

###Participants:
* Sara Allain
* Tim Hutchinson
* Dan Gillean
* Krystal Thomas
* Martha Tenney
* Curtis Sassur
* MJ Suhonos
* Brett Lougheed
* Jaime Pinto
* Caleb Derven
* Brian Harrington
* Priscilla Caplan
* Melissa Anez
* Sandy Rodriguez
* Kelli Babcock
* Anna St Onge

###Agenda:
1. Introductions (name, affiliation, interest in this group)
2. Terms of Reference
3. Meeting schedule/note-takers
4. Roadmap for the IG
  * Features/bugs
  * Integration
  * Training

###Notes:

#####Introductions (name, affiliation, interest in this group):
*	They happened. And it was great. Hello world!
*	Interests include: how archives are using Islandora; how it compares to other options for archival management activities; integration with existing access systems; development of modules; etc. 

#####Terms of Reference:
*	Link here: https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-Archival-Interest-Group
*	Originally derived from other interest group terms
*	Going to adapt original statement so that notetaker can be a rotating task
*	After the meeting, Sara Allain will make a report for the Roadmap Committee
*	There are more people in the group now than are on the list; Sara will update
*	Call for initial feedback or changes:
    *	Request to change "supplementary technologies" so as not to downplay relevance of other systems. Will change to "other technologies".

#####Meeting schedule/note-takers:
*	Have participants from North American west coast all the way to the the British Isles (_edited by Sara, who originally said "the UK" when referring to Ireland - sorry, Caleb!_)
*	This time (12pm EST) is likely the best time for us to continue to meet
*	Would be good to set standard meeting time, so a Doodle poll is not necessary every time
*	Proposal: Thursdays at 12pm EST, once a month (3rd Thursday of the month)
    *	Most people suggest that this time works (via IM)
    *	Sara will send out an email with this proposal to confirm
    *	Sara will also send out a Note-takers list proposal
*	Co-conveners welcome! Let Sara know if you would like to co-convene

#####Roadmap for the IG:
* Features/bugs
* Integration
  * Tim Hutchinson: USask is working with Artefactual for MODS export and import into AtoM and vice-versa to aid with integration. Some work still to come in AtoM (scheduled); further work in Islandora currently under discussion. Have an item-level database of photographs; not currently dealing with hierarchical descriptions.
  * Could be good to unearth further conversations about integration attempts that users are undertaking
  * Priscilla Caplan: not doing integration yet, but would like to see a facilitated way of making the link of an object stored and rendered in Islandora and a finding aid created in a different system. When creating instances of digital objects in ArchivesSpace, must go to other system and input URL. No way of having link made automatically – it'd be nice to have this. 
   * Dan: possibility of integrating systems via autocomplete lookups – have some place in the admin settings where you input your Islandora information to link them, then add a radio button to the internal "Related descriptions" lookup, so you can also look up descriptions from objects stored in Islandora, and link them as text links
  * Tim Hutchinson: also doing work to integrate Archivematica and Islandora – AIP will be created behind the scenes when digital masters are added to Islandora. 
   * There's interest in the community to make the integration work in the other direction as well
  * Martha Tenney: 
   * Where to add integration ideas?
    * A: Add them to Github, and pull out a few per meeting?
    * Idea bucket: https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-Archival-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/idea-bucket.md 
    * A: Use a GoogleDoc instead? 
   * Has anyone looked at the [ArchivesSpace?] integration that Florida is looking into? For metadata and display

* Training
  * Kelli Babcock: Re: Documentation interest group - currently serving the community about their thoughts on documentation to see what they think of it. Having a doc-a-thon soon to improve wiki, etc?
   * Everyone wants to see the documentation improved
   * Documentation Interest Group Google Docs: https://drive.google.com/a/artefactual.com/folderview?id=0B7ti1FvBo-C7S3M3S0ZNWktUVHM&usp=sharing# 
   * Doc-a-thon: is Friday, September 19th from 9-1 - email Kirsta if you want to join because I think you need a Confluence account - kstapelfeldt@utsc.utoronto.ca
   * [9:45:03 AM] kelli.babcock: 9 am to 1 pm ... Toronto time.
   * Jamie Pinto: who maintains the documentation?
  * A: DGI maintains the documentation? 
  * A: Original docs were created by a couple of folks when they worked for Islandora
  * A: New documentation for each release. Combination community and DGI effort. Some is out of date and needs to be updated
   * Sara Allain: Is there anything this group can do to support the doc working group?
    * A: This group could document integration attempts… but who will maintain?
