# Islandora Archival Interest Group, Meeting #2
Thursday 18 December 2014, 12pm EST

**Please send a Skype contact request to *sara.j.allain* in advance of the meeting time**

###Participants:
Sara Allain, Melissa Anez, Alex Garnett, Martha Tenney, Anna St Onge

###Agenda:
1. Proposed meeting schedule
2. Roles roster
3. Topics to cover/Idea Bucket

###Notes:


######Proposed meeting schedule
* Timing: 12pm EST is our best time since we have UK folks that want to participate
* February 19 date is problematic because it will be right after an Islandora camp
* MA has conflicting meetings for the third Thursday of the month
* Decision is to try to switch to the second Thursday

######Roles and responsibilities roster

* This Interest Group will have a revolving chairs and note takers
* There is a roster that people can volunteer to sign up for

######Topics to cover | Idea Bucket

* MA: Manuscript solution pack in Islandora
* Talk to UCLA to see what they're doing. Get a sense of what is going on, how it is being used. Guests/discussion leads should be asked to come with something loosly prepared.
* Should we ask Nigel Banks to talk about it. (https://github.com/discoverygarden/islandora_solution_pack_manuscript)
* AS: Islandora and current Archival descriptive work environments.
* Does Islandora work within our current structure with finding aids and specific work cultures? How do we balance our professional practices with the fact that Islandora has critical mass for development.
* AS will lead this discussion in February.
* SA: Questions about XCAML, preservation. Is there scope for joint meetings with Preservation Interest Group?
* SA will ask Nick about possible topic 
* AG: March discussion topic - Archidora plugin being developed by USask. 
* MA:Is that a SWORD api? AG: Archivematica is adjusting to allow Islandora to be a respository/submission option.
* Possible discussion lead: Tim 
* April we'll touch base and evaluate the discussion.
* Comment by MA: Part of the special interest group responsibilities is to develop ideas/comments to submit back to the Roadmap Committee to raise issues/priorities/ideas. SA: I will write reports that NR has agreed to report on.

Meeting adjourned at 12:26pm.
